# BEST Robotics Gizmo

Welcome, lets drive some robots!  The Gizmo is an open source and open
hardware platform developed in cooperation with the team behind [BEST
Robotics](https://bestrobotics.org) which you can use to build and
control robots.  The system is composed of multiple parts including a
[hardware device](https://github.com/gizmo-platform/hardware) that
contains the control components, the Gizmo utilities (this repo), the
system software that runs on the hardware
[firmware](https://github.com/gizmo-platform/firmware), and an [Arduino
library](https://github.com/gizmo-platform/ArduinoGizmo) that lets you
build custom code to control your robot.

## Documentation

You can find our complete documentation online
[here](https://gizmo-platform.github.io) which includes introductory
programming tutorials, instructions for installing firmware, and
guides on how to run practice and competition mode fields.

## Contributing

We're thrilled you're interested in contributing to this ecosystem.
For large contributions, we ask that you open an issue first to ensrue
that your goals align with a direction we're able to support.  This
helps make sure nobody does work that we can't accept into the
project.

Once you have a go-ahead (or your change is a smaller bugfix or
enhancement) please open a pull request to this repo with your commit
messages phrased similar to the ones that are already here.  New to
git?  No problem, just send what you have and we can walk you through
refactoring your work.
